making turns properly depends on
steering control speed control and good
visual habits look far ahead as you
approach the turn identify where your
vehicle will go any hazards in your path
and how much to turn you will use hand
over hand steering by pulling the
steering wheel down with one hand while
the other hand crosses over to pull the
steering wheel further down commonly
used while parking when you need to
creep and crank like crazy according to
safety experts the most athletic
position on the steering wheel to
maintain control is either three and
nine or eight and four or nine and three
whatever most steering wheels are
ergonomically correct for the eight and
four hand position
I refer to this as slide and help some
steering wheels will straighten apt
u-turn if you relax your grip however be
ready to assess especially at low speeds
with front-wheel drive vehicles and when
backing
you
it just takes practice this is Val from
Oregon driver training now go ahead
there and drive safe
most steering your will but most daring
wheels are ergonomically correct for the
eight and poor most steering well zerk
most steering wheels are organically
correct for the hand position of eight
and four I bet yours is in your car
check that'll have to do